hi my name is pranathi and i'm part of
the co-op group here to walk you through
our visualization tool
the heart of our visualization is a
zoomable scatter plot that represents
all the companies based on their average
rating and pay the two main deciding
factors when finding a co-op hovering
over a point displays the company name
and general information such as the
number of reviews in a pop-up
also directly associated with the
scatter plot you see the distributions
for rating and pay for all companies to
get specific information for one company
you can simply click the point on the
scatter plot this displays the name of
the company selected at the top and the
distributions changed to only include
data for the chosen company furthermore
the bar graphs at the bottom also change
to show all the locations the company
has offices in and the various majors
hired at each company both broken up by
co-op number
you can also explore companies through
the bar graphs themselves currently they
display the number of co-ops for each
location in college but you can change
the data displayed using the drop down
selecting from number of co-ops average
pay or average rating hovering over the
bar graph also highlights the associated
companies in the scatter plot allowing
for initial exploration and easy
comparisons you can also filter based on
any combination of college location and
co-op using the filters at the top this
directly edits the scatter plot to only
include companies that meet all the
selected criteria making it easy to
focus on companies that align with one's
interest
hitting reset will clear all filters and
return the visualization to in its
initial state
with many ways to explore search and
summarize companies through our
visualization we hope there is a feature
that can help in your co-op search